add info about presets to GUI size and anchors page (#4103)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/gui/size_and_anchors.rst

Setting each anchor to 0.5 moves the reference point for the margins to
the center of its parent. From there, we set negative margins so that
the control gets its natural size.

> Presets
> -------
> 
> Instead of manually adjusting the margin or anchor values, you can achieve
> the same by using the presets provided by the editor. Presets can be accessed
> in the top bar of the editor. Besides centering a control, there are also
> many other options available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Layout Presets
--------------

Instead of manually adjusting the margin and anchor values, you can use the
toolbar's Layout menu, above the viewport. Besides centering, it gives you many
options to align and resize control nodes.
```
